added semantic description to social.media page (#31)
shesharpnl/knowledge-hub: socials/socials.md

# Social Media Links Page

#### Description 

A place for SheSharp community members to share their social media links

> ### Slack
> 
> - https://shesharp.co/slack
> 
> ### SheSharp Site 
> 
> - [SheSharp] (https://www.shesharp.co/new-in-tech-scholarship)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Join SheSharp Community

Join our community on [Slack](https://shesharp.co/slack)!

For more information about our community, visit [our website](https://www.shesharp.co/).
```
